Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is the method used in order to increase traffic to a website through organic search. There are methods marketers and developers use in order to make one website rank higher than another as crawlers bring back information. One example of this is ensuring proper semantic usage within the HTML page i.e. one H1 tag per page. Another method to improve SEO is to ensure domain level keywords match what people typically search. For example, if someone shopping for puppy uses typically uses a set of keywords, any website selling puppies would want those keywords to appear on their website. Another method is based on what occurs 'under the hood.' That is, information that is not visible to the eye but behind the scenes. SEO relies on Metadata as a method to improve search.

To improve the SEO of my site, I would begin by ensuring I have a H1 tag on each site that matches the content and corresponding keywords used for food, recipe, and nature searches. Currently I do not have any functioning social tags. These would be added to increase the ease in sharing my website on social media platforms. Lastly, I would use the head method to set the HTML head tags for the current page.

Per the article Moz article "Marketing in Times of Uncertainty," I find it important to comment on the importance of SEO in light of a global pandemic and racial justice protests sweeping the nation. People are paying attention online now than ever before, and looking to the internet for the latest recommendation, update in testing protocols, or to understand how to contribute to the fight for racial justice. This raises the notion that people are not thinking nor interacting with the internet as they were previously. One notion this raises is that SEO must too change in order to keep up with people's behaviors. 
